# Don Sabu

## About Me

I first got interested in coding back in school when I saw one of my seniors excelling in Java. Seeing what he could create with code sparked my curiosity. What really fascinated me was the realization that in coding, you have complete control over what you create. Since then, I've been hooked. I started with Java, learning the basics, and then moved on to C and Python, reaching an intermediate level in both. I believe in constantly learning because the field is always evolving. Currently, I'm studying for a B.Tech in AI DS. But beyond coding and technology, my interests are diverse. I love photography, economics, trading, design, filmmaking, and business. My curiosity extends to a wide range of fields.

---

### History of Open Source Contributions

I haven't contributed to any popular projects. However, I did create a pip package along with my friend for generating and solving Sudoku puzzles. It's available [here](git.new/sudoku). While it may not be a widely recognized project, it has helped me a lot in understanding various tools.


---

### Highly Visible Technical Content

I've written a tutorial on Git and GitHub. You can check it out [here](https://donsabu.notion.site/37efe407525a4f868e485508d752fa2a?v=30cfb302f0fd4580beccb9777fd6158b).


---


### Competitive Website Profiles

* [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/profile/donsabu)
* [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/donsabu)
* [GitHub](https://git.new/donsabu)
* [Mulearn](https://dub.sh/mulearn)

---

### Leadership and Influence

In my opinion, a good leader in this field should know all the tools used for the project and understand the strengths and weaknesses of team members. Leading our [miniproject](https://github.com/MakersCircle/marks2csv) helped me learn a lot about leadership. We focused on maintaining high standards in our work.



---

### As a Top 20 Member

Being part of the Top 20 is a great challenge for me, and I'm excited to push myself further. I'm looking forward to learning and discovering new tools and techniques along the way.

---

### Career Plan

After college, I want to learn how organizations work, how teams are managed, and how great products are made together. Then, I plan to start my my entrepreneurial journey. I've always wanted to create something that makes a difference in people's lives.


---

### Opinion on Indian Engineering Education and SJCET Palai

**Opinion on Indian Engineering Education:**
We all know there are some problems, but have we noticed how many successful people in different fields, not just tech but in movies, music etc, are engineers? And guess what, they're all Indian! So, there's definitely something special about engineering that even us critics can't quite understand. But hey, that's just one way to look at it. I'm sure there are plenty of on other participants' profile.

**Regarding SJCET Palai:**
About our college, SJCET, well, apart from the scholarship and a bit of textbook knowledge (some papers are important, but not all), plus some cool connections, I have to say, my opinion isn't super high. Thanks, KTU curriculum. I mean,     being in our third year, feeling like we're wasting time in theory classes that we could learn from much quicker on YouTube. We should have more time for projects.
